Addressing rocker not capable of mounting local folders (#142)
osrf/rocker: README.md

On Bionic

    rocker --nvidia --x11 osrf/ros:melodic-desktop-full gazebo

## Volume mount

`--volume` adds paths as docker volumes. The last path must be terminated with two dashes `--`.

    rocker --volume ~/.vimrc ~/.bashrc -- ubuntu:18.04

Same as `docker`'s `--volume` option, `rocker --volume` takes 3 fields.
- 1st field: the path to the file or directory on the host machine.
- 2nd field: (optional) the path where the file or directory is mounted in the container.
   - If only the 1st field is supplied, same value as the 1st field will be populated as the 2nd field.

> - 3rd field: (optional) and is a comma-separated list of options, such as ro, z, and Z. These options are discussed below.

Reviewer: This options aren't discussed below. Maybe a link to the docker documentation itself would make sense?

Also a comment on how we're expanding the arguments before passing them through, because that's a slight difference from the default docker approach.

Author: @tfoote Thanks, hope I addressed your comment by now.

On Bionic

    rocker --nvidia --x11 osrf/ros:melodic-desktop-full gazebo

## Volume mount

`--volume` adds paths as docker volumes. The last path must be terminated with two dashes `--`.

    rocker --volume ~/.vimrc ~/.bashrc -- ubuntu:18.04

> The above example of the volume option will be expanded in `docker run` as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the shorter version in the above example of the volume option will be expanded using the absolute path before being passed to `docker run` like this:
```

>     --volume ~/.vimrc:~/.vimrc --volume ~/.bashrc:~/.bashrc  

Reviewer: Thanks for the iteration, but the other important part of this expansion is that it will resolve `~/` to `/home/<USERNAME>/` via abspath. Docker will abort if you try to pass non-absolute paths.

>     --volume ~/.vimrc:~/.vimrc --volume ~/.bashrc:~/.bashrc  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --volume /home/<USERNAME>/.vimrc:/home/<USERNAME>/.vimrc --volume /home/<USERNAME>/.bashrc:/home/<USERNAME>/.bashrc  
```
